Adding more info in the faq (#354)
gridcoin-community/Gridcoin-Site: wiki/faq.md

try running `consolidateunspent <address>`. After this finishes, try sending
the transaction again. This may require multiple rounds of the command if you
have a lot of small transactions.

---
## Windows Only

---
### How can I move my data folder?

1. Close your wallet.
2. Move all data from the current location to the new location. The default location of the data is `%appdata%\GridcoinResearch`.

> 3. After you move the entire contents, right click the Gridcoin Shortcut, select properties, and add `-choosedatadir` to the end.

Reviewer: Realized I missed something that sounds a bit off here:

```suggestion
3. After you move the contents of the folder, right click the Gridcoin Shortcut, select properties, and add `-choosedatadir` to the end.

```

try running `consolidateunspent <address>`. After this finishes, try sending
the transaction again. This may require multiple rounds of the command if you
have a lot of small transactions.

---
## Windows Only

---

### Cannot read configuration file. Please check the path and format of the file

First, check you delete the `%appdata%/GridcoinResearch` folder. You should not remove this folder.

> If this folder is not at your `%appdata%`, recreate the folder and add the files `wallet.dat` and `gridcoinresearch.conf` inside the folder.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if accidentally deleting or moving the folder is going to the most common source of this error

Author: I see... I saw this answer searching for this error in Reddit, so I tried to give an answer to this scenario at least, but it makes senses that this message could appear in different scenarios and I could misdirected someone. I will remove it.

---
### How can I move my data folder?

> 1. Close your wallet.
> 2. Move your entire data from actual location to the new location. The default location of the data is `%appdata%\GridcoinResearch`.
> 3. After you move the entire contents, right click at the Gridcoin Icon, select properties, and add the `-choosedatadir` to the end.
> 4. Run Gridcoin.
> 5. It will show the dialog dialog box to choose the data directory. 
> 6. Choose the new location.
> 

Reviewer: Probably should mention that you want to remove that `-choosedatadir` flag after you are done. Otherwise I just have some grammatical fixes/simplifications

```suggestion
1. Close your wallet.
2. Move all data from the current location to the new location. The default location of the data is `%appdata%\GridcoinResearch`.
3. After you move the entire contents, right click the Gridcoin Shortcut, select properties, and add `-choosedatadir` to the end.
4. Run the wallet.
5. It will show the dialog box to choose the data directory. 
6. Choose the new location.
7. Right-click the Gridcoin Shortcut, select properties, and remove `-choosedatadir`

```
